= SimpleGem

== Description

SimpleGem is a gem to help quickly generate a ruby gem project ready to build, test, and deploy.  It builds upon and uses Bundler's gem features.

== Installation

    gem install kelredd-simple-gem

== Usage

    $ simple-gem my-gem

This will create a gem structure under the './my-gem'.  The command is pretty forgiving with the name you supply, it will automatically transform anything that is CamelCased into something more ruby-like.  If you have an existing gem structure, it will just add/overwrite where necessary and not remove anything.

The gem will generate with bundler (http://github.com/carlhuda/bundler/) and test-belt (http://github.com/kelredd/test-belt) gems as development dependencies.  Theses gems are all used in the generated test helper to make unit testing and releasing your new gem simple.  Remove them from the generated Rakefile and test helper if you don't want to use them.

After generating your gem, go ahead and add information about your gem to both the gemspec and README files.  The default version number is "0.0.1", but if you want to change that, take a look at <tt>lib/my_gem/version.rb</tt> to make the change - this will automatically be picked up when you rebuild your gem.

Your new gem provides some Rake tasks for convenience:

* all the bundler gem rake tasks (http://github.com/carlhuda/bundler/)
* all the testing rake task stuff from test-belt (http://github.com/kelredd/test-belt)

That's it. Enjoy.

== Acceptance Testing

  # clone this repo
  $ bundle install
  $ rake test

== Credit
Many thanks to Patrick Reagan (mailto:reaganpr@gmail.com) who is the original author of this gem.  The source and credit is largely his.  I simply forked his source on Github and extended it for my purposes.  The original source can be found here: http://github.com/reagent/simple-gem/tree/master.

== License

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Kelly Redding (mailto:kelly@kelredd.com) and Patrick Reagan (mailto:reaganpr@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
